Leaf inflammation
Do you know what you're talking about?
I gave this medicine to Doctor Ye
So, what's the effect?
I know all of you.
Yan was given by me
Ye Yan, what about your face?
Ye Yan is right
This medicine is useless now
Eating it now will only accelerate death
Change it after eating.
Yan Yan, do you still want to slander it by this?
To earn smoke of sympathy
You should know that we are on different levels
You should also know
People are majestic and clear
You are a clown with no skills
Pull a crazy woman
Don't be embarrassed here
You said that if you put Jiang Shao's first
You also said that you can save even a miracle doctor
Is it that Mr. Liu can't survive Jin?
If you are so good
Are you saving me?
I can't save it.
But
He is he
Longer life
simple
I can add as many as I want to my life and death book
Datang, how many more years do you want to live?
you
Enough is enough, Liu Guofu is alone
I see you are out of business
My father disrupted the meeting
See the dignity of the great doctor
What do you come up with now?
The life and death department of the old minister
When I was a 13-year-old child
Thank you Jiang Shao for the gift
After the banquet
Countercurrent like smoke
Early evening